docs: add warning about compatibility mode on Tools response's structured content (#429)
quarkiverse/quarkus-mcp-server: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

TIP: If a tool method returns with structured content directly then the return type may not be used for schema generation. In this case, the `Tool#outputSchema()` can be used to define the output schema for validation of results with structured content.

[WARNING]
====
The https://modelcontextprotocol.io/specification/2025-06-18/server/tools#structured-content[MCP specification of Structured Content] mentions: +
[quote, MCP specification 2025-06-18]
For backwards compatibility, a tool that returns structured content SHOULD also return the serialized JSON in a TextContent block.

While the specification says _SHOULD_, some MCP clients actually expect the JSON `content` element in `result` to be always present in tools responses (check the specification's link for an example). This is the case for https://github.com/langchain4j/langchain4j/issues/3714[Langchain4j 1.5.0], or https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/python-sdk/blob/main/src/mcp/types.py#L889[the MCP reference python SDK 1.14.1] for instance. +
 +

> To address this compatibility point, the configuration property https://docs.quarkiverse.io/quarkus-mcp-server/dev/#quarkus-mcp-server-core_quarkus-mcp-server-tools-structured-content-compatibility-mode[`quarkus.mcp.server.tools.structured-content.compatibility-mode`] allows enabling the backward compatibility mode, in either a global manner or by MCP server as needed.

Reviewer: I don't think a link is useful here...

```suggestion
To address this compatibility point, use `quarkus.mcp.server.tools.structured-content.compatibility-mode=true` to enable the backward compatibility mode, in either a global manner or by MCP server as needed.
```

WDYT?

Author: It makes it lighter with same value, so fine for me, I'll amend 👍
